DOC: Add AML notes for how ACR is used (#795)
microsoft/InnerEye-DeepLearning: docs/source/md/setting_up_aml.md

Note down the name of your compute cluster - this will later go into the `cluster` entry of your settings
file `settings.yml`.

> Note: Details about Azure Machine Learning environments can be found [here](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/machine-learning/concept-environments). They specify the Python packages, environment variables, and software settings around your training and scoring scripts. They also specify runtimes (Python, Spark, or Docker). For InnerEye-DeepLearning a basic Docker image is created in Azure Container Registry by Azure Machine Learning that contains Ubuntu Linux and PyTorch. When you run a InnerEye job it only adds the Conda environment. Any data is mounted later with the datasets API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: Details about Azure Machine Learning environments can be found [here](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/machine-learning/concept-environments). An AzureML environment specifies the Python packages, environment variables, and software settings for your training and scoring scripts. InnerEye-DeepLearning creates such an environment for you. This environment specification is turned into a Docker image that is stored in an Azure Container Registry, all done under the hood by Azure Machine Learning. The Docker image contains all details to create an Ubuntu Linux VM with all software that is required to run InnerEye-DeepLearning. The Docker image does _not_ contain InnerEye-DeepLearning itself, nor any of the data that is used to train a model.
Later, when the actual training job is started, the Docker image is read from the container registry, a virtual machine is created based on the Docker image, and the training data is made available to the virtual machine. The virtual machine is discarded after training is complete.
```
